capital = 276

set_oob = "CAN_1936"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.8
set_war_support = 0.1

recruit_character = CAN_mackenzie_king
recruit_character = CAN_adrien_arcand
recruit_character = CAN_tim_buck
recruit_character = CAN_j_s_woodsworth
recruit_character = CAN_thomas_victor_anderson
recruit_character = CAN_charles_foulkes
recruit_character = CAN_percival_john_montague
recruit_character = CAN_bert_hoffmeister
recruit_character = CAN_leonard_w_murray
recruit_character = CAN_ht_bailliegrohman
recruit_character = CAN_james_d_prentice
recruit_character = CAN_harry_dewolf
recruit_character = CAN_lloyd_samuel_breadner
recruit_character = CAN_george_pearkes
recruit_character = CAN_john_murchie
recruit_character = CAN_harold_edwards
recruit_character = CAN_frederick_m_w_harvey
recruit_character = CAN_harry_crerar
recruit_character = CAN_robert_leckie
recruit_character = CAN_kenneth_stuart
recruit_character = CAN_andrew_mcnaughton
recruit_character = CAN_george_jones
recruit_character = CAN_raymond_collishaw
recruit_character = CAN_guy_simonds
recruit_character = CAN_gino_verchiella
recruit_character = CAN_alasdair_murray
recruit_character = CAN_george_volkoff
recruit_character = CAN_george_croil
recruit_character = CAN_percy_nelles
recruit_character = CAN_robert_manion
recruit_character = CAN_ian_a_mackenzie
recruit_character = CAN_c_d_howe
recruit_character = CAN_newton_wesley_rowell
recruit_character = CAN_chuck_crate
recruit_character = CAN_james_ilsley
recruit_character = CAN_william_kashtan
recruit_character = CAN_leo_richer_lafleche
recruit_character = CAN_r_b_bennett
recruit_character = CAN_louis_st_laurent


# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.10.14"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 98
	fascism = 1
	communism = 1
}

set_convoys = 100
set_stability = 0.75