capital = 277

oob = "MEX_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

recruit_character = MEX_Porfirio_Diaz
recruit_character = MEX_lazaro_cardenas
recruit_character = MEX_salvador_abascal
recruit_character = MEX_adolfo_de_la_huerta
recruit_character = MEX_dionisio_encina
recruit_character = MEX_hernan_laborde
recruit_character = MEX_heliodoro_charis
recruit_character = MEX_luis_farell
recruit_character = MEX_gildardo_magana
recruit_character = MEX_manuel_perez_trevino
recruit_character = MEX_abelardo_rodriguez
recruit_character = MEX_manuel_avila_camacho
recruit_character = MEX_othon_blanco
recruit_character = MEX_heriberto_corona
recruit_character = MEX_antonio_cardenas_rodriguez
recruit_character = MEX_jesus_garza_siller
recruit_character = MEX_gilberto_limon
recruit_character = MEX_pablo_macias
recruit_character = MEX_jose_gonzalo_escobar
recruit_character = MEX_agustin_olachea
recruit_character = MEX_leon_trotsky
recruit_character = MEX_saturnino_cedillo
recruit_character = MEX_hector_meixueiro
recruit_character = MEX_matias_santos_ramos
recruit_character = MEX_enrique_estrada
recruit_character = MEX_jose_vasconcelos
recruit_character = MEX_pablo_gonzalez
recruit_character = MEX_bartolome_garcia_correa
recruit_character = MEX_luis_montes_de_oca
recruit_character = MEX_aaron_saenz
recruit_character = MEX_vicente_lombardo
recruit_character = MEX_eduardo_hay
recruit_character = MEX_alberto_pani
recruit_character = MEX_juan_andreu
recruit_character = MEX_plutarco_calles
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_mugica
recruit_character = MEX_jesus_degollado_guizar
recruit_character = MEX_valentin_campa
recruit_character = MEX_luis_maria_martinez

set_convoys = 45
set_stability = 0.2
set_war_support = 0.1

add_ideas = {
	MEX_country_lore
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1880.7.1"
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 18
	fascism = 20
	communism = 9
	neutrality = 53
}