capital = 49

set_oob = "TUR_1936"

set_cosmetic_tag = TUR_neutrality

set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = TUR_Mehmed_V

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	TUR_country_lore
}

set_autonomy = {
	target = YUG
	autonomous_state =  autonomy_puppet
}


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1910.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 11
	fascism = 4
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 80
}

set_convoys = 20
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.3

recruit_character = TUR_ismet_inonu
recruit_character = TUR_mustafa_kemal_ataturk
recruit_character = TUR_sefik_husnu
recruit_character = TUR_celal_bayar
recruit_character = TUR_fevzi_cakmak
recruit_character = TUR_cemil_cahit_toydemir
recruit_character = TUR_rauf_orbay
recruit_character = TUR_memduh_tagmac
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_ali_ulgen
recruit_character = TUR_sabiha_gokcen
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_gunaltay
recruit_character = TUR_ali_fuat_cebesoy
recruit_character = TUR_refik_saydam
recruit_character = TUR_erkan_gataly
recruit_character = TUR_ali_orlungat
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_salih_omurtak
recruit_character = TUR_nazmi_solok
recruit_character = TUR_hassan_saka
recruit_character = TUR_kazim_ozalp
recruit_character = TUR_mumtaz_okmen
recruit_character = TUR_kazim_orbay